Cheers!
The youth from all over Japan are gathered here.
They are different from each other.
But as friends who love the same God,
they pray together,
pray together,
chat together,
and laugh together.
God will create a new connection.
In the camp,
Japanese, Korean, English,
and three languages are together.
And in the small group discussion,
we have a discussion about
how to become friends
with friends.
There are a lot of games,
activities,
and campfires at night.
There are a lot of programs.
And at the top,
we have the best location
for Mr. Fuji.
In a natural residential school,
we have a little distance from our normal lives,
and we have a 200-day meeting
with friends who have no problems.
It's not just a fun camp,
but a new way of life
with a new dream
will begin.
From August 4th, 2026,
until the 6th,
this summer,
we will experience
something new
that God will begin.
We are looking forward to your participation.